Hakkımızda
//
About Us

"Time's Pole", which decides to enter the market after its vast accumulation and the maturation of its experiences, has completed its initiatives in this direction in 2015. We have produced solutions that are very close to the demands of the customers with specialization in the field of computer and technology, following the latest developments in technology, experienced in time management, always keeping the quality preliminary in production and service sector and developing many technological field experiences and solutions. There is also a brand and start-up project under the "Time's Pole" roof, although it has already passed one year since its establishment. We offer eight different solutions in technological sense, waiting for your valuable customers to offer solutions in order to realize your future plans.

Mission

Being a pioneer in the sector as an open development company with technology and software based solutions that provide quality oriented and interactive services to many customers with technological solutions and provide production-oriented information solutions that enable any idea to be developed to reach desired level.

Vision

Time's Pole, which uses the most up-to-date technology on the web and on different platforms, with a customer focus; To be the technologically top-level customer and to be the leading technological solution organization.
--
Website Çözümleri
//
It is the introduction of a publicity information belonging to institutions or persons on the internet which is obligatory in this age. By using a website, you can share your information with the most economical way to much larger masses (all over the world). Your website will actually be your vision. Those who visit your site will have more detailed information about your products and services or information about your firm. Your company, which has completed your corporate identity, will have a greater meaning with your website.

Time's Pole has the following website types;

Business and Institution Website
Estate Website
Personal (Individual) Website
Portfolio Website
Photo Website
News and Magazine Website
Community Website
Blog Website
Hidden (Your Content is Hidden) Website
Game Website
Forum Website
Auction Website
Banking Website
File Sharing Website
Governmental Website
Job Tracking Website
Business Directory Website
Question & Answer Website
Profit-Free or Religious Website
Multilingual Website
Discount Coupon Website
Data Bank (wiki) Website
Podcast Website
Partnership Website
School & College Website
Search Engine Website
--
E-ticaret Çözümleri
//
Electronic commerce or "e-commerce" is usually defined as buying goods and / or services on the internet. It is possible to see virtual stores or virtual shopping centers on every website, especially today's hot topic. In addition to e-commerce, product and service purchase / sale activities being carried out by computer networks, (Marketing), providing customer support (in all stages of sales), commercial and logistics communication between commercial institutions and customers, and also providing global network of computer networks. Besides, it is a system that facilitates the management of the company.

Benefits of e-commerce;

The company creates a 24/7 open space on the internet where customers can submit information.
Time is saved when data is transferred in the electronic environment in seconds.
More product options are available for the customer.
Your virtual store can reduce your financial burden.
The supplier does not need to stock, because the inventory and cost information is in the electronic environment. So you know how much of your product you have, and how many of these products you sell.
It allows the supplier to create a virtual shopping center on the internet without the need for a major office.
In a global environment such as the Internet, damage does not occur due to inflation because there will not be easy easy fluctuation.
It is a platform that can offer detailed information about products.
Make sales by product demand by keeping it in stock.
The ability to find customers is high not only in the region where it operates, but in the entire world.
--
SEO Çözümleri
//
This includes studies on search engines for ranking sites or pages. "Search Engine Optimization" as aim to be listed top in search engines. This is to ensure that the information, services or sales on the sites are delivered to a more relevant audience. SEO is the art of reaching the web popularity that sites can not reach in a natural way, using natural looking methods. This web popularity brings with it the Google ranking increase. By offering this service to you, your web services will always show an increase in Google rankings.
--
Danışmanlık Çözümleri
//
A company's aim is to modernize certain business processes, with the aim of reducing their costs along with productivity and profit growth. With the following substances;

Knowing how a company's business and day-to-day operations will be affected by these changes by investing in various technological changes, updates and other options,
In the field, with knowledge and experience as a specialist staff with leading,
Project-based or provisionally, customer companies can actively act in that firm like their own staff,
Providing customers with suggestions on which jobs should be out-sourced and which jobs should be carried out in-house,
Especially in small firms, communication with decision makers far away from technical jargon,
By offering comprehensive software solutions, company employees can provide training on that technology adaptation,
In order to ensure that the systems to be implemented together with the operational changes to be made are time and economically better,
If some software integrations require a long process to settle and need to be managed by one or more staff dedicated to support,

With Time's Pole technical team, we provide consultancy services to our customers and partners.
--
Mobil Çözümler
//
It is the sum of the solutions that the publicity information sharing publications are made on the IOS, Android and Windows operating system devices in order to meet the expectation of the users or institutional companies on mobile and optionally to produce solutions on the mobile.

As Time's Pole, we value and want you and our partners to be more integrated with technology by offering mobile projects and mobile consulting solutions on many platforms.
--
Big-Data Çözümleri
//
"Big Data" does not just mean "data that takes up a lot of space on the disk" but also means data that can not be processed with conventional methods and tools. The progress of technology, the development of the internet and the social media revolution radically changed the way we do business, where the power of knowledge comes to the forefront. Firms have to make a difference in order to get one step ahead. So it is now understood how important even the slightest information is. Time's Pole, with your solutions to create new environments and to analyze and process your data such as your grandparents should be in your hands.
--
Özel Çözümler
//
To solve an existing problem that is designed to make different and various tasks with the options, interfaces and features you want, which is written in the direction of the firm or the needs and expectations of the person and which is easy to use for you and which can communicate and adapt to each other and improve their tasks or usability Time's Pole produces software with the understanding that what is done, what purpose and how to use it will be made clear and on which platform it is desired to work. In addition, each software may have different needs or different perspectives that it needs to work. Time's Pole especially produces high level software for its customers or partners by transferring different desires and different perspectives to their software.
--
Start-up Çözümleri
//
Time's Pole will provide you with solutions that can be supported at any time in your workflow and diagrams, starting, process and finishing phases, and solutions can be produced with the software that needs to be specially developed, processes, special productions and your solutions with start-up solutions It offers a work environment that will stand up to the foot.

It has always aimed at higher levels of technology in terms of technology by joining with customers or partners with many new software and start-up projects. We are pleased to see you among us with the achievements of Time's Pole.